I'm gonna never live in the air
I'm gonna get walks in every odd distance
Golden like a rhythm, fragrance in a sway
She don't need a smile, like life all on me way
Still gonna wish people to find their drugs
She turns a light into happiness for less
People stay frozen when she moves her hips
Everywhere she speaks, tastes like honey on a black market
It's living like a piano solo, to be up, to be up
Every step she takes the city, to be up, to be up
Where am I going, can't go, to be up, to be up
Where am I going, can't go, to be up
She finds the atmosphere never as formal
So black will look like strong, like a queen
Fashion in a shadow, beauty in a movie
The big confessions floating through the room
Every happy dance is roses start to bloom
Dreams on the colour, written in a skin
When she closes her eyes, you know what she's like
It's my biggest living, like a piano solo, to be up
Every step she takes the city, to be up
Where am I going, can't go, to be up
My son my daughter shine on her vise on her street
She don't rush the moment, it's time that I spit her wig
Everyone blinkin like this, she will speak Islam
Where's the brain desire, like a movie in the